bonk-opacity(1) | Bonk manual
=============================

## NAME
**bonk-opacity** - Adjust window transparency

## SYNOPSIS
`opacity` [<options>] [<window=%0>]

## DESCRIPTION

This command sends a request (`ChangeProperty`) to the transparency of a window (`_NET_WM_WINDOW_OPACITY`). To observe the effect, you need a window manager running, **and** it must support transparency. This command returns successfully unless one or more parameters are out of the allowed range.

A window with 75% opacity is 25% transparent. Windows that do not have `_NET_WM_WINDOW_OPACITY` set are treated as though it is set to `100%`.

This command operates as follows:

* Obtain existing opacity (none set is treated as 100%).

* Calculate the adjustment, if one is given (`--inc` or `--dec`).

* Clamp opacity to be within min (default = 0.00) and max (default = 1.00).

* If the given opacity is 100% or close to it, delete opacity. Otherwise, set a new opacity.

If you accidentally make a window too transparent, but you know where it is:

    bonk pick set-window --delete _NET_WM_WINDOW_OPACITY

To get rid of transparency across the board:

    bonk select --all set-window --delete _NET_WM_WINDOW_OPACITY %@

## OPTIONS

`--dec <N>`

: Reduce opacity (increasing transparency) by `N` percent. `--dec .25` makes a window 25% more transparent.

`--inc <N>`

: Increase opacity by `N` percent.

`--min <N>`

: Set the minimum possible opacity. Clamping is done after calculating any inc or dec. Default: 0%.

`--max <N>`

: Set the max opacity, applied after any adjustment. This defaults to 100%, and cannot be raised higher.

`--wait`

: Flush the output buffer before executing the next command.

`-w`, `--window` <wid>

: Replace the window stack with *wid*.

## BONK

Part of the bonk(1) suite
