bonk-reject(1) | Bonk manual
============================

## NAME
**bonk-reject** - Remove windows using criteria

## SYNOPSIS
`reject` [<options>]

## DESCRIPTION

This command removes windows from the window stack that match the criteria provided.

This command carries most of the same options that select does, minus the ones that make no sense (ex: `--if-stack-empty`).

If this command is the last command to be run, the window stack is written to stdout.

## CRITERIA

These flags are the primary mechanism for searching. Matching is done by taking the value as a posix regex, whereas the non-matching entries check for exact string equality.

`--class` <cls>
: Match the window's class (first element of `WM_CLASS`) to <cls>.

`--instance` <instance>
: Match the window's instance (second element of `WM_CLASS`) to <instance>.

`--title` <name>
: Match the window's title to <name>. Uses `_NET_WM_NAME` if set, `WM_NAME` otherwise.

`--exact-class` <cls>
: The window's class (first element of `WM_CLASS`) must be exactly <cls>.

`--exact-instance` <instance>
: The window's instance (second element of WM_CLASS) must be exactly <instance>.

`--exact-title` <name>
: The window's title must be exactly <name>. Uses `_NET_WM_NAME` if set, `WM_NAME` otherwise.

## OPTIONS

`--desktop` <index>
: Check the window's desktop index (`_NET_WM_DESKTOP`), with the first desktop as `0`. This also accepts `-1`, because some window managers use `-1` to indicate a window should be visible on all desktops (ex: a taskbar).

`--has-property` <property>
: Check for the window having an atom named <property> set to **any** value. **Property names are case sensitive**.

`--has-state` <state>
: Check for `_NET_WM_STATE` having <state> set. The following are all valid: `above`, `below`, `demands_attention`, `fullscreen`, `hidden`, `maximized_vert`, `maximized_horz`, `modal`, `shaded`, `skip_pager`, `skip_taskbar`, and `sticky`.

## BONK

Part of the bonk(1) suite
